Bug 1601550 - Enforce disk quota on pending pings directory (#1110)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/pings/index.md

### Limitations

To keep resource usage in check, the Glean SDK enforces some limitations on ping uploading and ping storage.

- **Rate limiting**: only up to 10 ping submissions every 60 seconds are allowed. There are no exposed methods to change these rate limiting defaults yet, follow [Bug 1647630](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1647630) for updates.
- **Request body size limiting**: the body of a ping request may have up to 1MB. Pings that exceed this size are discarded and don't get uploaded. Size and number of discarded pings are recorded on the internal Glean metric [`glean.upload.discarded_exceeding_pings_size`](../collected-metrics/metrics.md#metrics-1).

> - **Storage quota**: pings are stored on the `pending_pings` directory. That directory is scanned every time Glean is initialized and upon scanning Glean checks its size. If this directory exceeds a quota of 10MB, pings are deleted to get the directory back to an accepted size. The deleted pings are always the oldest pings in the directory and the number of deleted pings is the necessary to get the directory back to an accepted size.

Reviewer: The name is an internal detail.

```suggestion
- **Storage quota**: Pending pings are stored on disk. The storage directory is scanned every time Glean is initialized and upon scanning Glean checks its size. If this directory exceeds a size of 10MB, pings are deleted to get the directory back to an accepted size. Pings are deleted oldest first, until the directory size is below the quota.
```

Maybe like this?
